the vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz
the vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz which he saw concerning Judah and
which he saw concerning Judah and
which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Isaiah jotham
Jerusalem in the days of Isaiah jotham
Jerusalem in the days of Isaiah jotham ahaz and hezekiah kings of Judah here o
ahaz and hezekiah kings of Judah here o
ahaz and hezekiah kings of Judah here o heavens and give ear o earth for the
heavens and give ear o earth for the
heavens and give ear o earth for the Lord has spoken
Lord has spoken
Lord has spoken I have nourished and brought up children
I have nourished and brought up children
I have nourished and brought up children and they have rebelled against me the ox
and they have rebelled against me the ox
and they have rebelled against me the ox knows its owner and the donkey its
knows its owner and the donkey its
knows its owner and the donkey its master's crib but Israel does not know
master's crib but Israel does not know
master's crib but Israel does not know my people do not consider
my people do not consider
my people do not consider alas sinful nation a people laden with
alas sinful nation a people laden with
alas sinful nation a people laden with iniquity a brood of evildoers children
iniquity a brood of evildoers children
iniquity a brood of evildoers children who are corrupters they have forsaken
who are corrupters they have forsaken
who are corrupters they have forsaken the Lord they have provoked to anger the
the Lord they have provoked to anger the
the Lord they have provoked to anger the Holy One of Israel they have turned away
Holy One of Israel they have turned away
Holy One of Israel they have turned away backward why should you be stricken
backward why should you be stricken
backward why should you be stricken again you will revolt more and more the
again you will revolt more and more the
again you will revolt more and more the whole head is sick and the whole heart
whole head is sick and the whole heart
whole head is sick and the whole heart faints from the sole of the foot even to
faints from the sole of the foot even to
faints from the sole of the foot even to the head there is no soundness in it but
the head there is no soundness in it but
the head there is no soundness in it but wounds and bruises and putrefying sores
wounds and bruises and putrefying sores
wounds and bruises and putrefying sores they have not been closed or bound up or
they have not been closed or bound up or
they have not been closed or bound up or soothed with ointment your country is
soothed with ointment your country is
soothed with ointment your country is desolate your cities are burned with
desolate your cities are burned with
desolate your cities are burned with fire
fire
fire strangers devour your land in your
strangers devour your land in your
strangers devour your land in your presence and it is desolate as
presence and it is desolate as
presence and it is desolate as overthrown by strangers so the daughter
overthrown by strangers so the daughter
overthrown by strangers so the daughter of Zion is left as a booth in a vineyard
of Zion is left as a booth in a vineyard
of Zion is left as a booth in a vineyard as a hut in a garden of cucumbers as a
as a hut in a garden of cucumbers as a
as a hut in a garden of cucumbers as a besieged city unless the Lord of hosts
besieged city unless the Lord of hosts
besieged city unless the Lord of hosts had left to us a very small remnant we
had left to us a very small remnant we
had left to us a very small remnant we would have become like Sodom we would
would have become like Sodom we would
would have become like Sodom we would have been made like Gomorrah hear the
have been made like Gomorrah hear the
have been made like Gomorrah hear the word of the Lord
word of the Lord
word of the Lord you rulers of Sodom give ear to the law
you rulers of Sodom give ear to the law
you rulers of Sodom give ear to the law of our God you people of Gomorrah
of our God you people of Gomorrah
of our God you people of Gomorrah - what purpose is the multitude of your
- what purpose is the multitude of your
- what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices to me I have had enough of
sacrifices to me I have had enough of
sacrifices to me I have had enough of burnt offerings of rams and the fat of
burnt offerings of rams and the fat of
burnt offerings of rams and the fat of fed cattle I do not delight in the blood
fed cattle I do not delight in the blood
fed cattle I do not delight in the blood of bulls or of lambs or goats
of bulls or of lambs or goats
of bulls or of lambs or goats when you come to appear before me who
when you come to appear before me who
when you come to appear before me who has required this from your hand to
has required this from your hand to
has required this from your hand to trample my quartz bring no more futile
trample my quartz bring no more futile
trample my quartz bring no more futile sacrifices incense is an abomination to
sacrifices incense is an abomination to
sacrifices incense is an abomination to me the new moons the Sabbath's and the
me the new moons the Sabbath's and the
me the new moons the Sabbath's and the calling of assemblies
calling of assemblies
calling of assemblies I cannot endure iniquity and the sacred
I cannot endure iniquity and the sacred
I cannot endure iniquity and the sacred meeting your new moons and your
meeting your new moons and your
meeting your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hates they are
appointed feasts my soul hates they are
appointed feasts my soul hates they are a trouble to me I am weary of bearing
a trouble to me I am weary of bearing
a trouble to me I am weary of bearing them when you spread out your hands I
them when you spread out your hands I
them when you spread out your hands I will hide my eyes from even though you
will hide my eyes from even though you
will hide my eyes from even though you make many prayers I will not hear your
make many prayers I will not hear your
make many prayers I will not hear your hands are full of blood wash yourselves
hands are full of blood wash yourselves
hands are full of blood wash yourselves make yourselves clean
make yourselves clean
make yourselves clean put away the evil of your doings from
put away the evil of your doings from
put away the evil of your doings from before my eyes cease to do even learn to
before my eyes cease to do even learn to
before my eyes cease to do even learn to do good seek justice rebuke the
do good seek justice rebuke the
do good seek justice rebuke the oppressor defend the fatherless plead
oppressor defend the fatherless plead
oppressor defend the fatherless plead for the widow come now and let us reason
for the widow come now and let us reason
for the widow come now and let us reason together though your sins are like
together though your sins are like
together though your sins are like scarlet they shall be as white as snow
scarlet they shall be as white as snow
scarlet they shall be as white as snow though they are red like crimson they
though they are red like crimson they
though they are red like crimson they shall be as if you are willing and
shall be as if you are willing and
shall be as if you are willing and obedient you shall eat the good of the
obedient you shall eat the good of the
obedient you shall eat the good of the land but if you refuse and rebel you
land but if you refuse and rebel you
land but if you refuse and rebel you shall be devoured by the sword for the
shall be devoured by the sword for the
shall be devoured by the sword for the mouth of the Lord has spoken how the
mouth of the Lord has spoken how the
mouth of the Lord has spoken how the faithful City has become a harlot it was
faithful City has become a harlot it was
faithful City has become a harlot it was full of justice righteousness lodged in
full of justice righteousness lodged in
full of justice righteousness lodged in it but now murderers your silver has
it but now murderers your silver has
it but now murderers your silver has become dross your wine mixed with water
become dross your wine mixed with water
become dross your wine mixed with water your princes are rebellious and
your princes are rebellious and
your princes are rebellious and companions of thieves
companions of thieves
companions of thieves everyone loves bribes and follows after
everyone loves bribes and follows after
everyone loves bribes and follows after rewards they do not defend the
rewards they do not defend the
rewards they do not defend the fatherless nor does the cause of the
fatherless nor does the cause of the
fatherless nor does the cause of the widow come before them therefore the
widow come before them therefore the
widow come before them therefore the Lord says the Lord of hosts the Mighty
Lord says the Lord of hosts the Mighty
Lord says the Lord of hosts the Mighty One of Israel ah I will rid myself of my
One of Israel ah I will rid myself of my
One of Israel ah I will rid myself of my adversaries and take vengeance on my
adversaries and take vengeance on my
adversaries and take vengeance on my enemies I will turn my hand against you
enemies I will turn my hand against you
enemies I will turn my hand against you and thoroughly purge away your dross and
and thoroughly purge away your dross and
and thoroughly purge away your dross and take away all your alloy
take away all your alloy
take away all your alloy I will restore your judges as at the
I will restore your judges as at the
I will restore your judges as at the first and your counselors as at the
first and your counselors as at the
first and your counselors as at the beginning
beginning
beginning afterward you shall be called the city
afterward you shall be called the city
afterward you shall be called the city of righteousness the faithful City Sian
of righteousness the faithful City Sian
of righteousness the faithful City Sian shall be redeemed with justice and her
shall be redeemed with justice and her
shall be redeemed with justice and her penitence with righteousness the
penitence with righteousness the
penitence with righteousness the destruction of transgressors and of
destruction of transgressors and of
destruction of transgressors and of sinners shall be together and those who
sinners shall be together and those who
sinners shall be together and those who forsake the Lord shall be consumed for
forsake the Lord shall be consumed for
forsake the Lord shall be consumed for there shall be ashamed of the terebinth
there shall be ashamed of the terebinth
there shall be ashamed of the terebinth trees which you have desired and you
trees which you have desired and you
trees which you have desired and you shall be embarrassed because of the
shall be embarrassed because of the
shall be embarrassed because of the gardens which you have chosen for you
gardens which you have chosen for you
gardens which you have chosen for you shall be as a terrible whose leaf fames
shall be as a terrible whose leaf fames
shall be as a terrible whose leaf fames and as a garden that has no water the
and as a garden that has no water the
and as a garden that has no water the strong shall be as tender and the work
strong shall be as tender and the work
strong shall be as tender and the work of it as a spark
of it as a spark
of it as a spark both will burn together and no one shall
both will burn together and no one shall
both will burn together and no one shall quench them
quench them
quench them [Music]